README.md, before:

# Project Title

This is a brief description of what your project is about.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing
purposes.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them:

- Node.js
- npm

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development environment running:

1. Clone the repo

```bash
git clone https://github.com/albertleng/c5-serverless-i
```

2. Install NPM packages

```bash
npm install
``` 

## Usage

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system:

```bash
npm test
``` 

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system.

## Built With

- [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript) - The programming language used
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) - Dependency Management

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of
conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see
the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/albertleng/c5-serverless-i/tags).

## Author

- **Albert Leng** - *Initial work* - [AlbertLeng](https://github.com/albertleng)

Commit message:

Add POST endpoint to serverless app and add serverless offline

README.md, after:

# C5 Serverless I

This project is a simple serverless application that demonstrates how to create a serverless application using the
Serverless Framework.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing
purposes.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them:

- Node.js
- npm

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development environment running:

1. Clone the repo

```bash
git clone https://github.com/albertleng/c5-serverless-i
```

2. Install NPM packages

```bash
npm install
``` 

## Usage

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system:

```bash
npm test
``` 

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system.

## Built With

- [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript) - The programming language used
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) - Dependency Management

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of
conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see
the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/albertleng/c5-serverless-i/tags).

## Author

- **Albert Leng** - *Initial work* - [AlbertLeng](https://github.com/albertleng)
